chore: reorganize dirs (#11459)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: contrib/README.md

# contrib

> This directory contains various scripts and tools that are useful for developing and debugging questions and courses in PrairieLearn. These scripts are intended to be used by instructors and course developers.

Reviewer: Workshopping:

```suggestion
This directory contains various scripts that are useful for course content development and operation. These scripts are intended to be used by instructors and course developers.
```
